these are the most shockingly realistic
key caps starting with the Lego this is
incredible it's an actual ow what it
does mean is you can create whatever you
like on top this is a house plant key
cap my God the
details on we go these next ones are
actually Mentor resemble candy wait what
goes down like that my brain is refusing
to let me believe this is not a sweep
did they actually make a dumpling key c
cap so the steamer connects directly
into your keyboard oh and then the
dumpling magnetically attaches to it so
you're typing away you're working but
then you get a little bit hungry this is
hard cheese this is actually the first
time I wish it was a little bit less
detailed and then to complete one of the
stranger meals I've had today this is
the cappuccino key cap which also
presses the key next to it every single
time you click this is an extremely
premium box for a keycap it's one of the
guns from the Apex Legends game but I
did not expect it to be fully made out
of metal that's an interesting sound
there is one key to rule them all